[Port to master][sqlserver] Timing for sqlserver agent job completions (#18323)
DataDog/integrations-core: sqlserver/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 17.5.1 / 2024-08-13

***Fixed***:

> * Directly collect time offset for converting times in SQL Server Agent tables to epoch timestamp through a single, deterministic function rather than calculating the offset as a difference between the server time and UTC time which led to innacurate offset in some cases. ([#18292](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/18292))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Directly collect the time offset for converting times in SQL Server Agent tables to epoch timestamp through a single, deterministic function. This method avoids calculating the offset as a difference between the server time and UTC time, which led to inaccurate offsets in some cases. ([#18292](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/18292))
```
